# Newsgame-Final

Newsgame Proposal

The topic I chose to allude to for our final newsgame project is net neutrality. Losing net neutrality is a very likely outcome in our future. The vote was mad today, actually, and the repeal of net neutrality sadly went through. There is talk of this whole nasty situation going to court, or certain laws could be put into effect to prevent too much power for the ISPs and such. If net neautrality is lost, almost everyone in the United States will have to deal with the consequences. If one wants to visit their favorite social media websites just like any other day (Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, etc.), they will likely have to purchase a “social media package” from their internet service provider to be granted access. Want to play your favorite vieo games online with your friends? Better have some money to spare – likely game server access will also require another purchase of a package deal from your ISP. Same goes with streaming websites, be it YouTube or Netflix. This is terrible for numerous reasons. One being that we already pay for Netflix subscriptions and we already purchase games (on Steam, or whatever you may use). So, why would we be forced to pay extra money to use these? The answer is obviously “money”.  Also, slowing down internet speeds may very well be another outcome of this. If this is how the country will end up running, at least it will take a while for this to go into action. 
For gameplay, moving the mouse will move your “character”. The character is a Wi-Fi logo. The objective is to acquire money (green dots on screen) to pay for your internet usage. The dots will be an array, and there will be 20-50 dots present. Collisions will be utilized for collecting the dots. I have the Wi-Fi logo as a .png file so its background is transparent. Also, the logo is centered to the mouse coordinates so it’s not off kilter. Text directions will be presented at the top of the screen. After a certain amount of time, the background will change (similar to how a “Game Over” screen on typical video games appears) to a crossed-out picture of Ajit Pai – the wonderful man we have to thank for the recent repeal (sarcasm).
